stuff done:
homepage design

partially implemented create avdailbaility. Functionality is there, 
but i want the dates that have an availability to be highlighted which it curretnly is not.

core Functionalities:
    for customer:
        find and book an activity
        create a review
        view activity
        view availability
        view reviews

    for admin:
        view, like, everything
        create (almost) everything too

final core funcitonality to implement:
    integrate availability into booking

advanced functionalities:
    easy viewing of availability (doing that rn)
    filter for activities:
        name
        tags (r we even doing tag? I dunno)
        category obviously
        date

    integration with coupon for payment (I think joseph will do this tho)
    send activity to friends
    
ok that should b it for now ig

estimated amt of time to finish up core functionalities: 3h
estimated amt of time to implement all currently listed advanced features: max 15h depends on how many bugs ig

we'll aim to finish most of the functional stuff by saturday night, with a buffer until sunday.
Tuesday ideally should be all styling.



todo:
test upload photo-
create category-
create coupon
coupon usage
category filtering

kkkkk so i just finished the interface for uploading photos for activity creation.
 havent actly done the saving to backend part.


8/2/2024
uploading and viewing of photos is done.
CRUD for categories as well.
I can do CRUD for coupon now but i can't implement the actual usage right now cuz joseph hasn't done the cart.


stuff to do:
photo upload for reviews-
category filtering (make category a dropdown for create and edit activity)
coupon CRUD
maybe some styling for activity list and details as well.

beyond that, we don't really have that many funcitonalities to work on anymore.
Everything after this is just refinement.


9/2/2024
letsgo photo upload and display for review works
so i was thinking, when u click on a review it should take u to a page to display the details of the review too.

dropdown for category for create activtiy is done. Will do it for edit next.
coupon crud is done.

a bit overwhelmed at what to do. Probably will focus on aesthetics for a while.
Gna do activity details, i guess.

made some carousel looking thing for activity details with animation too yay.
Still have a LOT of work to do before the site actually looks good, but this is great progress.


tmr we'll do review details page. Probably can use a similar layout as the activityDetails
Then after that, I'll have to wait for joseph to do his cart stuff before i integrate with it.

Oh yeah, search bar and category filtering. Still haven't done that.
maybe a search and filter for reviews as well.
And also the stupid custom calendar thing.

That should be it for features.
For styling, I want to do the activity list, review details, and maybe I'll tweak a bit of the homepage as well.

Good job today. We really did a lot.


10/2/2024

the user flow for booking activity is now officially finished. 
I managed to send stuff to the cart. From there on, it's joseph's problem
The calendar thing works too, although not necessarily the way I want it to work specifically. 
It does work, though so whatever.

so now we hv to:
tweak the calendar to look nicer
implement it in the booking page as well

btw it might look better for the carousel thing if the thumbmnails are all the same size.
The acutal pictures can be left in different sizes but the thumbnails should look consistent.


11/2/2024
we finally implemented the category filtering thing yay
I'm also done with the calendar ig. Not finished, just won't touch it anymore.
The calendar now shows up in booking so it's easier. 
Also made booking a dialog instead of a seperate page.

And I'm not done with it but I made each review a dropdown accordion thingy.

todo:
check if everything works
general styling, especially for activityList and details.
Can't really think of anymore functionalities to work on. I think it's just refinement.
Maybe a search for activityList?

OH right
the uh

the edit review thingy yes. Users should be able to edit their own reviews. yeah that's it i guess.


12/2/2024:

funcitionality checklist:

activity:
    create-
    update-
    delete-

category:
    create-
    update-
    delete-

availability:
    create-
    update-
    delete-

book:
    create

review:
    create-
    update
    delete

coupon:
    create-
    update-
    delete-


I just fixed the photo upload thing for create and edit activity. 
Also now the photos of the activity get deleted as well.

todo:
    check functionalities
    finalise validation checks for all forms
    minor stuff like changing snackBar messages
    do review ui
    implement edit and delete for reviews

ok i just finished fixing the photo upload for reviews. My brain is dying.
review display is uhhh almost done ig

todo for tmr:
baically everything on top
check everything again
 decide whether edit and delete reviews is worth it to do